add a section for known limitations in Percona Everest (#135)
percona/everest-doc: docs/upgrade_with_cli.md

!!! note
     It is recommended to install the latest version of the CLI .

> You can only upgrade one minor version at a time. For instance, you can upgrade from version 0.10.0 to version 1.0.0.  

Reviewer: I suggest that we use a more clear example like:
```suggestion
You can only upgrade one minor version at a time. For instance, you can upgrade from version 1.0.0 to version 1.1.0 but you cannot directly upgrade from version 1.0.0 to version 1.2.0.  
```

I would then add a note/section in the release notes of 1.0.0 saying that even though it's a major version upgrade we actually support upgrading from 0.10.1 to 1.0.0
